com/facebook/react/modules/network/ReactCookieJarContainer.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ReactCookieJarContainer
com/facebook/react/bridge/FallbackJSBundleLoader.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.FallbackJSBundleLoader
com/facebook/react/modules/debug/DidJSUpdateUiDuringFrameDetector.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.DidJSUpdateUiDuringFrameDetector
com/facebook/react/views/slider/ReactSlider.java
 com.facebook.react.views.slider.ReactSlider
com/facebook/react/views/text/TextInlineImageSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.TextInlineImageSpan
com/facebook/react/bridge/NativeModuleRegistry.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NativeModuleRegistry
com/facebook/react/modules/storage/ReactDatabaseSupplier.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.ReactDatabaseSupplier
com/facebook/react/views/text/ShadowStyleSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ShadowStyleSpan
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactRoot.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactRoot
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactTextViewManagerCallback.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTextViewManagerCallback
com/facebook/react/uimanager/debug/NotThreadSafeViewHierarchyUpdateDebugListener.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.debug.NotThreadSafeViewHierarchyUpdateDebugListener
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidDrawerLayoutManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidDrawerLayoutManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/FpsListener.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.FpsListener
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeFrameRateLoggerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeFrameRateLoggerSpec
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactStrikethroughSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactStrikethroughSpan
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactRootViewTagGenerator.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactRootViewTagGenerator
com/facebook/react/TurboReactPackage.java
 com.facebook.react.TurboReactPackage
 com.facebook.react.TurboReactPackage$1
 com.facebook.react.TurboReactPackage$1$1
 com.facebook.react.TurboReactPackage$ModuleHolderProvider
com/facebook/react/modules/network/CookieJarContainer.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.CookieJarContainer
com/facebook/yoga/YogaMeasureOutput.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaMeasureOutput
com/facebook/proguard/annotations/KeepGettersAndSetters.java
 com.facebook.proguard.annotations.KeepGettersAndSetters
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ScrollEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ScrollEvent
com/facebook/react/jscexecutor/JSCExecutor.java
 com.facebook.react.jscexecutor.JSCExecutor
com/facebook/react/bridge/NativeModuleCallExceptionHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NativeModuleCallExceptionHandler
com/facebook/react/modules/permissions/PermissionsModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.permissions.PermissionsModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.permissions.PermissionsModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.permissions.PermissionsModule$2
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeAnimationsDebugModuleSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeAnimationsDebugModuleSpec
com/facebook/react/turbomodule/core/interfaces/TurboModuleRegistry.java
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.interfaces.TurboModuleRegistry
com/facebook/react/animated/NativeAnimatedNodesManager.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedNodesManager
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedNodesManager$1
com/facebook/react/bridge/UiThreadUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.UiThreadUtil
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/AnimatedPropertyType.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.AnimatedPropertyType
com/facebook/react/common/ShakeDetector.java
 com.facebook.react.common.ShakeDetector
 com.facebook.react.common.ShakeDetector$ShakeListener
com/facebook/react/uimanager/annotations/ReactProp.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.annotations.ReactProp
com/facebook/yoga/YogaLogLevel.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaLogLevel
com/facebook/react/module/model/ReactModuleInfo.java
 com.facebook.react.module.model.ReactModuleInfo
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/BatchEventDispatchedListener.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.BatchEventDispatchedListener
com/facebook/debug/debugoverlay/model/DebugOverlayTag.java
 com.facebook.debug.debugoverlay.model.DebugOverlayTag
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/DispatchStringCommandMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.DispatchStringCommandMountItem
com/facebook/react/ReactNativeHost.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactNativeHost
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/MessageQueueThreadSpec.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadSpec
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadSpec$ThreadType
com/facebook/react/fabric/ComponentFactoryDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.ComponentFactoryDelegate
com/facebook/react/animated/AdditionAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.AdditionAnimatedNode
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaModuleWrapper.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaModuleWrapper
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaModuleWrapper$MethodDescriptor
com/facebook/react/views/text/FontMetricsUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.FontMetricsUtil
com/facebook/systrace/Systrace.java
 com.facebook.systrace.Systrace
 com.facebook.systrace.Systrace$EventScope
com/facebook/react/views/modal/ShowEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ShowEvent
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactFontManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactFontManager
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactFontManager$1
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactFontManager$FontFamily
com/facebook/react/modules/sound/SoundManagerModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.sound.SoundManagerModule
com/facebook/react/bridge/ObjectAlreadyConsumedException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ObjectAlreadyConsumedException
com/facebook/react/views/imagehelper/ResourceDrawableIdHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.imagehelper.ResourceDrawableIdHelper
com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIManagerModuleConstantsHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModuleConstantsHelper
com/facebook/react/views/viewpager/PageSelectedEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.viewpager.PageSelectedEvent
com/facebook/react/turbomodule/core/interfaces/TurboModule.java
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.interfaces.TurboModule
com/facebook/react/touch/ReactHitSlopView.java
 com.facebook.react.touch.ReactHitSlopView
com/facebook/react/views/text/frescosupport/FrescoBasedReactTextInlineImageShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.frescosupport.FrescoBasedReactTextInlineImageShadowNode
com/facebook/react/uimanager/NoSuchNativeViewException.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.NoSuchNativeViewException
com/facebook/yoga/YogaNodeJNIFinalizer.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaNodeJNIFinalizer
com/facebook/yoga/YogaOverflow.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaOverflow
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeDialogManagerAndroidSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeDialogManagerAndroidSpec
com/facebook/react/module/annotations/ReactModuleList.java
 com.facebook.react.module.annotations.ReactModuleList
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/SendAccessibilityEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.SendAccessibilityEvent
com/facebook/react/animated/SubtractionAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.SubtractionAnimatedNode
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeLinkingSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeLinkingSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReadableType.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReadableType
com/facebook/react/bridge/AssertionException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.AssertionException
com/facebook/react/modules/core/ReactChoreographer.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ReactChoreographer
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ReactChoreographer$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ReactChoreographer$2
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ReactChoreographer$CallbackType
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ReactChoreographer$ReactChoreographerDispatcher
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeAppearanceSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeAppearanceSpec
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ReactHorizontalScrollContainerViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactHorizontalScrollContainerViewManager
com/facebook/react/bridge/OnBatchCompleteListener.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.OnBatchCompleteListener
com/facebook/react/devsupport/JSException.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSException
com/facebook/react/modules/network/NetworkInterceptorCreator.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkInterceptorCreator
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewHierarchyDumper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewHierarchyDumper
com/facebook/yoga/YogaConfigJNIBase.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaConfigJNIBase
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactMethod.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactMethod
com/facebook/react/uimanager/JSTouchDispatcher.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.JSTouchDispatcher
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/ProgressViewManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.ProgressViewManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTSurfaceViewShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTSurfaceViewShadowNode
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewProps.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewProps
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactClippingViewGroupHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactClippingViewGroupHelper
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactEditTextInputConnectionWrapper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactEditTextInputConnectionWrapper
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactApplicationContext.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactApplicationContext
com/facebook/react/modules/camera/CameraRollManager.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.CameraRollManager
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.CameraRollManager$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.CameraRollManager$GetMediaTask
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.CameraRollManager$SaveToCameraRoll
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.CameraRollManager$SaveToCameraRoll$1
com/facebook/react/views/image/ImageLoadEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ImageLoadEvent
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ImageLoadEvent$ImageEventType
com/facebook/yoga/YogaNodeJNIBase.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaNodeJNIBase
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaNodeJNIBase$1
com/facebook/react/bridge/ModuleHolder.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ModuleHolder
com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIManagerModule.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModule
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModule$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModule$2
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModule$3
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModule$4
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModule$CustomEventNamesResolver
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModule$MemoryTrimCallback
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModule$ViewManagerResolver
com/facebook/react/views/text/CustomLetterSpacingSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.CustomLetterSpacingSpan
com/facebook/yoga/YogaMeasureMode.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaMeasureMode
com/facebook/react/bridge/ContextBaseJavaModule.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ContextBaseJavaModule
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSBundleLoaderDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSBundleLoaderDelegate
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeCameraRollManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeCameraRollManagerSpec
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ReactScrollViewCommandHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactScrollViewCommandHelper
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactScrollViewCommandHelper$ScrollCommandHandler
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactScrollViewCommandHelper$ScrollToCommandData
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactScrollViewCommandHelper$ScrollToEndCommandData
com/facebook/react/jstasks/NoRetryPolicy.java
 com.facebook.react.jstasks.NoRetryPolicy
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/RemoveDeleteMultiMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.RemoveDeleteMultiMountItem
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactMarkerConstants.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactMarkerConstants
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeTimingSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeTimingSpec
com/facebook/react/views/drawer/events/DrawerSlideEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.drawer.events.DrawerSlideEvent
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTRenderableViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTRenderableViewManager
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewManagersPropertyCache.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$ArrayPropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$BooleanPropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$BoxedBooleanPropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$BoxedIntPropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$ColorPropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$DoublePropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$DynamicPropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$FloatPropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$IntPropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$MapPropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$PropSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagersPropertyCache$StringPropSetter
com/facebook/debug/holder/NoopPrinter.java
 com.facebook.debug.holder.NoopPrinter
com/facebook/yoga/YogaJustify.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaJustify
com/facebook/react/util/RCTLog.java
 com.facebook.react.util.RCTLog
com/facebook/yoga/YogaValue.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaValue
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaValue$1
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/BatchMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.BatchMountItem
com/facebook/react/modules/blob/BlobProvider.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.blob.BlobProvider
com/facebook/yoga/YogaConstants.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaConstants
com/facebook/react/util/RNLog.java
 com.facebook.react.util.RNLog
com/facebook/react/views/image/ImageResizeMode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ImageResizeMode
com/facebook/react/fabric/ReactNativeConfig.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.ReactNativeConfig
com/facebook/react/ReactApplication.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactApplication
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeActionSheetManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeActionSheetManagerSpec
com/facebook/yoga/YogaDirection.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaDirection
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeSettingsManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeSettingsManagerSpec
com/facebook/react/modules/share/ShareModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.share.ShareModule
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactRawTextManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactRawTextManager
com/facebook/react/ReactPackageHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactPackageHelper
 com.facebook.react.ReactPackageHelper$1
 com.facebook.react.ReactPackageHelper$1$1
com/facebook/react/views/text/DefaultStyleValuesUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.DefaultStyleValuesUtil
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/EventDispatcherListener.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.EventDispatcherListener
com/facebook/react/common/SystemClock.java
 com.facebook.react.common.SystemClock
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReadableArray.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReadableArray
com/facebook/react/packagerconnection/JSPackagerClient.java
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.JSPackagerClient
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.JSPackagerClient$ResponderImpl
com/facebook/react/modules/core/HeadlessJsTaskSupportModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.HeadlessJsTaskSupportModule
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/CreateMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.CreateMountItem
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewGroupManager.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewGroupManager
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputBlurEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputBlurEvent
com/facebook/react/views/text/TextAttributeProps.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.TextAttributeProps
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTTextViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTTextViewManager
com/facebook/react/views/switchview/ReactSwitchManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.switchview.ReactSwitchManager
 com.facebook.react.views.switchview.ReactSwitchManager$1
 com.facebook.react.views.switchview.ReactSwitchManager$ReactSwitchShadowNode
com/facebook/react/fabric/StateWrapperImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.StateWrapperImpl
com/facebook/react/turbomodule/core/interfaces/CallInvokerHolder.java
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.interfaces.CallInvokerHolder
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeJSCSamplingProfilerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeJSCSamplingProfilerSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaOnlyArray.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaOnlyArray
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaOnlyArray$1
com/facebook/react/devsupport/JSDebuggerWebSocketClient.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSDebuggerWebSocketClient
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSDebuggerWebSocketClient$JSDebuggerCallback
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ReactScrollViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactScrollViewManager
com/facebook/react/bridge/MemoryPressureListener.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.MemoryPressureListener
com/facebook/react/bridge/NotThreadSafeBridgeIdleDebugListener.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NotThreadSafeBridgeIdleDebugListener
com/facebook/react/packagerconnection/RequestOnlyHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.RequestOnlyHandler
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeBlobModuleSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeBlobModuleSpec
com/facebook/react/modules/storage/AsyncStorageErrorUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageErrorUtil
com/facebook/react/views/slider/ReactSliderEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.slider.ReactSliderEvent
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/EventDispatcher.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.EventDispatcher
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.EventDispatcher$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.EventDispatcher$2
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.EventDispatcher$DispatchEventsRunnable
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.EventDispatcher$ScheduleDispatchFrameCallback
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.EventDispatcher$ScheduleDispatchFrameCallback$1
com/facebook/react/packagerconnection/NotificationOnlyHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.NotificationOnlyHandler
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactBridge.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactBridge
com/facebook/react/devsupport/StackTraceHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.StackTraceHelper
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.StackTraceHelper$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.StackTraceHelper$StackFrameImpl
com/facebook/react/common/StandardCharsets.java
 com.facebook.react.common.StandardCharsets
com/facebook/react/views/viewpager/ReactViewPagerManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.viewpager.ReactViewPagerManager
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/MessageQueueThreadHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadHandler
com/facebook/react/packagerconnection/PackagerConnectionSettings.java
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.PackagerConnectionSettings
com/facebook/react/bridge/LifecycleEventListener.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.LifecycleEventListener
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DebugOverlayController.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DebugOverlayController
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DebugOverlayController$1
com/facebook/react/views/checkbox/ReactCheckBoxEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.checkbox.ReactCheckBoxEvent
com/facebook/yoga/YogaLayoutType.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaLayoutType
com/facebook/react/views/drawer/events/DrawerStateChangedEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.drawer.events.DrawerStateChangedEvent
com/facebook/react/uimanager/PixelUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.PixelUtil
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeImagePickerIOSSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeImagePickerIOSSpec
com/facebook/react/views/switchview/ReactSwitch.java
 com.facebook.react.views.switchview.ReactSwitch
com/facebook/react/views/view/MeasureUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.views.view.MeasureUtil
com/facebook/react/ReactActivityDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactActivityDelegate
 com.facebook.react.ReactActivityDelegate$1
 com.facebook.react.ReactActivityDelegate$2
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ContentSizeWatcher.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ContentSizeWatcher
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSInstance.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSInstance
com/facebook/react/bridge/NativeMap.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NativeMap
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactUnderlineSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactUnderlineSpan
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeWebSocketModuleSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeWebSocketModuleSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSIModuleSpec.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSIModuleSpec
com/facebook/yoga/YogaEdge.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaEdge
com/facebook/react/modules/appregistry/AppRegistry.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.appregistry.AppRegistry
com/facebook/react/DebugCorePackage.java
 com.facebook.react.DebugCorePackage
 com.facebook.react.DebugCorePackage$1
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ReactHorizontalScrollViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactHorizontalScrollViewManager
com/facebook/react/animated/FrameBasedAnimationDriver.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.FrameBasedAnimationDriver
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaScriptContextHolder.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaScriptContextHolder
com/facebook/react/uimanager/RootView.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.RootView
com/facebook/react/views/image/ScaleTypeStartInside.java
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ScaleTypeStartInside
com/facebook/react/bridge/WritableMap.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.WritableMap
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/UpdatePaddingMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.UpdatePaddingMountItem
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeToastAndroidSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeToastAndroidSpec
com/facebook/react/devsupport/ReactInstanceManagerDevHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.ReactInstanceManagerDevHelper
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSApplicationIllegalArgumentException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSApplicationIllegalArgumentException
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeHeadlessJsTaskSupportSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeHeadlessJsTaskSupportSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/CxxModuleWrapper.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CxxModuleWrapper
com/facebook/react/uimanager/util/ReactFindViewUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.util.ReactFindViewUtil
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.util.ReactFindViewUtil$OnMultipleViewsFoundListener
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.util.ReactFindViewUtil$OnViewFoundListener
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactAccessibilityDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactAccessibilityDelegate
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactAccessibilityDelegate$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactAccessibilityDelegate$2
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactAccessibilityDelegate$AccessibilityRole
com/facebook/react/bridge/PerformanceCounter.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.PerformanceCounter
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReadableNativeArray.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReadableNativeArray
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReadableNativeArray$1
com/facebook/react/bridge/NativeArray.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NativeArray
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeImageStoreSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeImageStoreSpec
com/facebook/react/modules/core/JavaScriptTimerManager.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.JavaScriptTimerManager
com/facebook/yoga/YogaUnit.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaUnit
com/facebook/react/modules/core/JSTimers.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.JSTimers
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/ModalHostViewManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.ModalHostViewManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTGroupViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTGroupViewManager
com/facebook/react/animated/AnimationDriver.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.AnimationDriver
com/facebook/yoga/YogaNodeFactory.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaNodeFactory
com/facebook/react/bridge/NativeArrayInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NativeArrayInterface
com/facebook/react/views/text/TextLayoutManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.TextLayoutManager
 com.facebook.react.views.text.TextLayoutManager$SetSpanOperation
com/facebook/react/fabric/events/FabricEventEmitter.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.events.FabricEventEmitter
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/ReactQueueConfigurationSpec.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.ReactQueueConfigurationSpec
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.ReactQueueConfigurationSpec$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.ReactQueueConfigurationSpec$Builder
com/facebook/react/uimanager/PointerEvents.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.PointerEvents
com/facebook/react/devsupport/interfaces/DevBundleDownloadListener.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.interfaces.DevBundleDownloadListener
com/facebook/react/modules/fresco/ReactNetworkImageRequest.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.fresco.ReactNetworkImageRequest
com/facebook/react/bridge/DefaultNativeModuleCallExceptionHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.DefaultNativeModuleCallExceptionHandler
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactShadowNode
com/facebook/react/devsupport/InspectorPackagerConnection.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.InspectorPackagerConnection
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.InspectorPackagerConnection$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.InspectorPackagerConnection$BundleStatus
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.InspectorPackagerConnection$BundleStatusProvider
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.InspectorPackagerConnection$Connection
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.InspectorPackagerConnection$Connection$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.InspectorPackagerConnection$Connection$2
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTShapeShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTShapeShadowNode
com/facebook/hermes/instrumentation/HermesMemoryDumper.java
 com.facebook.hermes.instrumentation.HermesMemoryDumper
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DevSupportManagerImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerImpl
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactTagSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTagSpan
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeJSDevSupportSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeJSDevSupportSpec
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ShadowNodeRegistry.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ShadowNodeRegistry
com/facebook/react/modules/datepicker/DismissableDatePickerDialog.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.datepicker.DismissableDatePickerDialog
com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIBlock.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIBlock
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactTypefaceUtils.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTypefaceUtils
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/SliderManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.SliderManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/devsupport/interfaces/ErrorCustomizer.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.interfaces.ErrorCustomizer
com/facebook/react/views/modal/ReactModalHostView.java
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ReactModalHostView
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ReactModalHostView$1
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ReactModalHostView$DialogRootViewGroup
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ReactModalHostView$DialogRootViewGroup$1
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ReactModalHostView$OnRequestCloseListener
com/facebook/react/bridge/CatalystInstance.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstance
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeTVNavigationEventEmitterSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeTVNavigationEventEmitterSpec
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidSwitchManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidSwitchManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/modules/appearance/AppearanceModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.appearance.AppearanceModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.appearance.AppearanceModule$OverrideColorScheme
com/facebook/react/bridge/ProxyJavaScriptExecutor.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ProxyJavaScriptExecutor
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ProxyJavaScriptExecutor$Factory
com/facebook/react/EagerModuleProvider.java
 com.facebook.react.EagerModuleProvider
com/facebook/react/modules/fresco/FrescoModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.fresco.FrescoModule
com/facebook/react/uimanager/RootViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.RootViewManager
com/facebook/react/bridge/CxxModuleWrapperBase.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CxxModuleWrapperBase
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/UpdateLocalDataMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.UpdateLocalDataMountItem
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactCompoundView.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactCompoundView
com/facebook/react/module/annotations/ReactModule.java
 com.facebook.react.module.annotations.ReactModule
com/facebook/react/modules/datepicker/DatePickerMode.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.datepicker.DatePickerMode
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeImageEditorSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeImageEditorSpec
com/facebook/react/ReactPackage.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactPackage
com/facebook/react/modules/network/OkHttpClientProvider.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.OkHttpClientProvider
com/facebook/react/views/image/GlobalImageLoadListener.java
 com.facebook.react.views.image.GlobalImageLoadListener
com/facebook/react/modules/systeminfo/AndroidInfoModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.systeminfo.AndroidInfoModule
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeDevLoadingViewSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeDevLoadingViewSpec
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTShapeViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTShapeViewManager
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeI18nManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeI18nManagerSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactMarker.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactMarker
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactMarker$FabricMarkerListener
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactMarker$MarkerListener
com/facebook/react/ReactPackageLogger.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactPackageLogger
com/facebook/react/devsupport/LogBoxDialog.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.LogBoxDialog
com/facebook/react/modules/network/HeaderUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.HeaderUtil
com/facebook/react/modules/deviceinfo/DeviceInfoModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.deviceinfo.DeviceInfoModule
com/facebook/hermes/reactexecutor/HermesExecutorFactory.java
 com.facebook.hermes.reactexecutor.HermesExecutorFactory
com/facebook/yoga/YogaFlexDirection.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaFlexDirection
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputSelectionEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputSelectionEvent
com/facebook/react/modules/systeminfo/ReactNativeVersion.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.systeminfo.ReactNativeVersion
com/facebook/yoga/YogaExperimentalFeature.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaExperimentalFeature
com/facebook/react/animated/AnimatedNodeValueListener.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.AnimatedNodeValueListener
com/facebook/react/devsupport/JSDevSupport.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSDevSupport
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSDevSupport$DevSupportCallback
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSDevSupport$JSDevSupportModule
com/facebook/react/shell/MainPackageConfig.java
 com.facebook.react.shell.MainPackageConfig
 com.facebook.react.shell.MainPackageConfig$1
 com.facebook.react.shell.MainPackageConfig$Builder
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/Event.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.Event
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSIModuleRegistry.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSIModuleRegistry
com/facebook/react/views/text/frescosupport/FrescoBasedReactTextInlineImageSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.frescosupport.FrescoBasedReactTextInlineImageSpan
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSIModuleType.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSIModuleType
com/facebook/react/modules/blob/BlobCollector.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.blob.BlobCollector
 com.facebook.react.modules.blob.BlobCollector$1
com/facebook/react/modules/core/ExceptionsManagerModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ExceptionsManagerModule
com/facebook/react/animated/DivisionAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.DivisionAnimatedNode
com/facebook/react/views/modal/ReactModalHostManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ReactModalHostManager
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ReactModalHostManager$1
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ReactModalHostManager$2
com/facebook/debug/holder/Printer.java
 com.facebook.debug.holder.Printer
com/facebook/react/modules/core/JavaTimerManager.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.JavaTimerManager
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.JavaTimerManager$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.JavaTimerManager$2
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.JavaTimerManager$IdleCallbackRunnable
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.JavaTimerManager$IdleFrameCallback
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.JavaTimerManager$Timer
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.JavaTimerManager$TimerFrameCallback
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/TouchesHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.TouchesHelper
com/facebook/react/bridge/InvalidIteratorException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.InvalidIteratorException
com/facebook/react/modules/camera/ImageEditingManager.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.ImageEditingManager
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.ImageEditingManager$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.ImageEditingManager$CleanTask
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.ImageEditingManager$CleanTask$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.ImageEditingManager$CropTask
com/facebook/react/views/image/ReactCallerContextFactory.java
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ReactCallerContextFactory
com/facebook/react/turbomodule/core/TurboModuleManager.java
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.TurboModuleManager
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.TurboModuleManager$1
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.TurboModuleManager$2
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.TurboModuleManager$TurboModuleHolder
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.TurboModuleManager$TurboModuleProvider
com/facebook/react/modules/timepicker/TimePickerMode.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.timepicker.TimePickerMode
com/facebook/react/bridge/ColorPropConverter.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ColorPropConverter
com/facebook/react/views/text/TextInlineViewPlaceholderSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.TextInlineViewPlaceholderSpan
com/facebook/react/animated/DecayAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.DecayAnimation
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/NativeGestureUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.NativeGestureUtil
com/facebook/react/fabric/FabricJSIModuleProvider.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.FabricJSIModuleProvider
com/facebook/react/views/progressbar/ProgressBarShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.progressbar.ProgressBarShadowNode
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSCJavaScriptExecutor.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSCJavaScriptExecutor
com/facebook/systrace/SystraceMessage.java
 com.facebook.systrace.SystraceMessage
 com.facebook.systrace.SystraceMessage$1
 com.facebook.systrace.SystraceMessage$Builder
 com.facebook.systrace.SystraceMessage$Flusher
 com.facebook.systrace.SystraceMessage$NoopBuilder
com/facebook/react/CompositeReactPackage.java
 com.facebook.react.CompositeReactPackage
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaJSExecutor.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaJSExecutor
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaJSExecutor$Factory
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaJSExecutor$ProxyExecutorException
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactPointerEventsView.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactPointerEventsView
com/facebook/react/uimanager/NativeViewHierarchyManager.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.NativeViewHierarchyManager
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.NativeViewHierarchyManager$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.NativeViewHierarchyManager$PopupMenuCallbackHandler
com/facebook/react/bridge/BaseJavaModule.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.BaseJavaModule
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactTextShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTextShadowNode
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTextShadowNode$1
com/facebook/react/animated/AnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.AnimatedNode
com/facebook/yoga/YogaMeasureFunction.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaMeasureFunction
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativePushNotificationManagerIOSSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativePushNotificationManagerIOSSpec
com/facebook/react/views/image/ImageResizeMethod.java
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ImageResizeMethod
com/facebook/react/modules/appstate/AppStateModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.appstate.AppStateModule
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeNetworkingIOSSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeNetworkingIOSSpec
com/facebook/react/ReactInstanceManager.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$1
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$2
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$3
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$3$1
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$4
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$5
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$5$1
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$5$2
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$6
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$7
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$8
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$9
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$ReactContextInitParams
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManager$ReactInstanceEventListener
com/facebook/react/touch/ReactInterceptingViewGroup.java
 com.facebook.react.touch.ReactInterceptingViewGroup
com/facebook/react/devsupport/JSCHeapCapture.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSCHeapCapture
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSCHeapCapture$CaptureCallback
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSCHeapCapture$CaptureException
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.JSCHeapCapture$HeapCapture
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/UpdateEventEmitterMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.UpdateEventEmitterMountItem
com/facebook/react/views/view/ColorUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ColorUtil
com/facebook/react/common/SingleThreadAsserter.java
 com.facebook.react.common.SingleThreadAsserter
com/facebook/react/views/view/ReactViewBackgroundDrawable.java
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewBackgroundDrawable
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewBackgroundDrawable$1
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewBackgroundDrawable$BorderRadiusLocation
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewBackgroundDrawable$BorderStyle
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/SegmentedControlManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.SegmentedControlManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/DispatchCommandMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.DispatchCommandMountItem
com/facebook/react/bridge/CatalystInstanceImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$1$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$1$1$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$1$1$1$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$2
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$3
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$4
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$5
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$6
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$7
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$BridgeCallback
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$Builder
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$JSProfilerTraceListener
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$NativeExceptionHandler
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CatalystInstanceImpl$PendingJSCall
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactTextAnchorViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTextAnchorViewManager
com/facebook/react/modules/fresco/SystraceRequestListener.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.fresco.SystraceRequestListener
com/facebook/react/bridge/Promise.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Promise
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactShadowNodeImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactShadowNodeImpl
com/facebook/react/views/swiperefresh/RefreshEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.swiperefresh.RefreshEvent
com/facebook/react/views/picker/ReactPickerAdapter.java
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactPickerAdapter
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/UnimplementedNativeViewManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.UnimplementedNativeViewManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/modules/vibration/VibrationModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.vibration.VibrationModule
com/facebook/react/fabric/FabricSoLoader.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.FabricSoLoader
com/facebook/yoga/LayoutPassReason.java
 com.facebook.yoga.LayoutPassReason
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaScriptExecutorFactory.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaScriptExecutorFactory
com/facebook/react/jstasks/HeadlessJsTaskEventListener.java
 com.facebook.react.jstasks.HeadlessJsTaskEventListener
com/facebook/react/modules/timepicker/TimePickerDialogModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.timepicker.TimePickerDialogModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.timepicker.TimePickerDialogModule$TimePickerDialogListener
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidSwitchManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidSwitchManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactContentSizeChangedEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactContentSizeChangedEvent
com/facebook/react/modules/i18nmanager/I18nManagerModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.i18nmanager.I18nManagerModule
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeDevSettingsSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeDevSettingsSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/ReactQueueConfigurationImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.ReactQueueConfigurationImpl
com/facebook/react/views/picker/ReactDropdownPickerManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactDropdownPickerManager
com/facebook/react/bridge/GuardedAsyncTask.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.GuardedAsyncTask
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextChangedEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextChangedEvent
com/facebook/react/jstasks/HeadlessJsTaskRetryPolicy.java
 com.facebook.react.jstasks.HeadlessJsTaskRetryPolicy
com/facebook/react/views/view/ViewGroupClickEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ViewGroupClickEvent
com/facebook/react/animated/InterpolationAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.InterpolationAnimatedNode
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactVirtualTextViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactVirtualTextViewManager
com/facebook/yoga/YogaAlign.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaAlign
com/facebook/react/util/ExceptionDataHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.util.ExceptionDataHelper
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactForegroundColorSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactForegroundColorSpan
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/SimpleSpringInterpolator.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.SimpleSpringInterpolator
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/InsertMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.InsertMountItem
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeNetworkingAndroidSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeNetworkingAndroidSpec
com/facebook/react/views/viewpager/PageScrollStateChangedEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.viewpager.PageScrollStateChangedEvent
com/facebook/react/modules/core/ChoreographerCompat.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ChoreographerCompat
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ChoreographerCompat$FrameCallback
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ChoreographerCompat$FrameCallback$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.ChoreographerCompat$FrameCallback$2
com/facebook/react/util/JSStackTrace.java
 com.facebook.react.util.JSStackTrace
com/facebook/react/views/modal/ModalHostHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ModalHostHelper
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactModuleWithSpec.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactModuleWithSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/GuardedRunnable.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.GuardedRunnable
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputManager
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputManager$1
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputManager$2
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputManager$3
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputManager$ReactContentSizeWatcher
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputManager$ReactScrollWatcher
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputManager$ReactSelectionWatcher
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputManager$ReactTextInputTextWatcher
com/facebook/react/bridge/WritableArray.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.WritableArray
com/facebook/react/common/ClearableSynchronizedPool.java
 com.facebook.react.common.ClearableSynchronizedPool
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeFileReaderModuleSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeFileReaderModuleSpec
com/facebook/react/jstasks/LinearCountingRetryPolicy.java
 com.facebook.react.jstasks.LinearCountingRetryPolicy
com/facebook/react/views/drawer/events/DrawerOpenedEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.drawer.events.DrawerOpenedEvent
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactTextViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTextViewManager
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewDefaults.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewDefaults
com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIViewOperationQueue.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$2
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$AnimationOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$ChangeJSResponderOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$ConfigureLayoutAnimationOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$CreateViewOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$DismissPopupMenuOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$DispatchCommandOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$DispatchCommandViewOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$DispatchStringCommandOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$DispatchUIFrameCallback
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$EmitOnLayoutEventOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$FindTargetForTouchOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$LayoutUpdateFinishedOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$ManageChildrenOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$MeasureInWindowOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$MeasureOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$RemoveRootViewOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$SendAccessibilityEvent
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$SetChildrenOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$SetLayoutAnimationEnabledOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$ShowPopupMenuOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$UIBlockOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$UIOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$UpdateInstanceHandleOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$UpdateLayoutOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$UpdatePropertiesOperation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$UpdateViewExtraData
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIViewOperationQueue$ViewOperation
com/facebook/react/jscexecutor/JSCExecutorFactory.java
 com.facebook.react.jscexecutor.JSCExecutorFactory
com/facebook/react/uimanager/BaseViewManagerAdapter.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.BaseViewManagerAdapter
com/facebook/react/ReactAndroidHWInputDeviceHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactAndroidHWInputDeviceHelper
com/facebook/react/modules/blob/BlobModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.blob.BlobModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.blob.BlobModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.blob.BlobModule$2
 com.facebook.react.modules.blob.BlobModule$3
 com.facebook.react.modules.blob.BlobModule$4
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/UpdateStateMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.UpdateStateMountItem
com/facebook/react/views/swiperefresh/SwipeRefreshLayoutManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.swiperefresh.SwipeRefreshLayoutManager
 com.facebook.react.views.swiperefresh.SwipeRefreshLayoutManager$1
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactRawTextShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactRawTextShadowNode
com/facebook/react/views/picker/events/PickerItemSelectEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.events.PickerItemSelectEvent
com/facebook/react/animated/StyleAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.StyleAnimatedNode
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/InputAccessoryViewManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.InputAccessoryViewManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/turbomodule/core/CallInvokerHolderImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.CallInvokerHolderImpl
com/facebook/react/uimanager/BaseViewManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.BaseViewManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/views/viewpager/PageScrollEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.viewpager.PageScrollEvent
com/facebook/react/modules/network/ProgressResponseBody.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ProgressResponseBody
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ProgressResponseBody$1
com/facebook/react/views/view/ReactViewBackgroundManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewBackgroundManager
com/facebook/yoga/YogaWrap.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaWrap
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeImageLoaderAndroidSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeImageLoaderAndroidSpec
com/facebook/react/turbomodule/core/TurboModuleManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.TurboModuleManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ScrollWatcher.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ScrollWatcher
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSCJavaScriptExecutorFactory.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSCJavaScriptExecutorFactory
com/facebook/react/bridge/BaseActivityEventListener.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.BaseActivityEventListener
com/facebook/react/views/image/ReactImageView.java
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ReactImageView
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ReactImageView$1
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ReactImageView$RoundedCornerPostprocessor
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ReactImageView$TilePostprocessor
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewManagerPropertyUpdater.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagerPropertyUpdater
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagerPropertyUpdater$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagerPropertyUpdater$FallbackShadowNodeSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagerPropertyUpdater$FallbackViewManagerSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagerPropertyUpdater$Settable
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagerPropertyUpdater$ShadowNodeSetter
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagerPropertyUpdater$ViewManagerSetter
com/facebook/react/modules/accessibilityinfo/AccessibilityInfoModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.accessibilityinfo.AccessibilityInfoModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.accessibilityinfo.AccessibilityInfoModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.accessibilityinfo.AccessibilityInfoModule$ReactTouchExplorationStateChangeListener
com/facebook/react/views/view/ReactDrawableHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactDrawableHelper
com/facebook/react/bridge/PromiseImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.PromiseImpl
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaScriptModuleRegistry.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaScriptModuleRegistry
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaScriptModuleRegistry$JavaScriptModuleInvocationHandler
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeHeapCaptureSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeHeapCaptureSpec
com/facebook/react/ReactFragment.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactFragment
 com.facebook.react.ReactFragment$Builder
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewGroupDrawingOrderHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewGroupDrawingOrderHelper
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewGroupDrawingOrderHelper$1
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputShadowNode
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSIModuleProvider.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSIModuleProvider
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidDialogPickerManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidDialogPickerManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/fabric/Binding.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.Binding
com/facebook/react/animated/ModulusAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.ModulusAnimatedNode
com/facebook/react/views/unimplementedview/ReactUnimplementedView.java
 com.facebook.react.views.unimplementedview.ReactUnimplementedView
com/facebook/react/modules/datepicker/DatePickerDialogFragment.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.datepicker.DatePickerDialogFragment
 com.facebook.react.modules.datepicker.DatePickerDialogFragment$1
com/facebook/react/uimanager/common/ViewUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.common.ViewUtil
com/facebook/react/uimanager/GuardedFrameCallback.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.GuardedFrameCallback
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/DeleteMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.DeleteMountItem
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSIModule.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSIModule
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeImageLoaderSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeImageLoaderSpec
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeSoundManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeSoundManagerSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/UIManager.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.UIManager
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/QueueThreadExceptionHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.QueueThreadExceptionHandler
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidDrawerLayoutManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidDrawerLayoutManagerInterface
com/facebook/hermes/unicode/AndroidUnicodeUtils.java
 com.facebook.hermes.unicode.AndroidUnicodeUtils
com/facebook/react/views/common/ContextUtils.java
 com.facebook.react.views.common.ContextUtils
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/TouchEventType.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.TouchEventType
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.TouchEventType$1
com/facebook/react/modules/timepicker/DismissableTimePickerDialog.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.timepicker.DismissableTimePickerDialog
com/facebook/react/views/image/MultiPostprocessor.java
 com.facebook.react.views.image.MultiPostprocessor
com/facebook/yoga/YogaPrintOptions.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaPrintOptions
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaMethodWrapper.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$10
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$2
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$3
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$4
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$5
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$6
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$7
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$8
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$9
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaMethodWrapper$ArgumentExtractor
com/facebook/react/modules/network/ResponseUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ResponseUtil
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeSourceCodeSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeSourceCodeSpec
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/LayoutCreateAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutCreateAnimation
com/facebook/react/animated/ValueAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.ValueAnimatedNode
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeStatusBarManagerIOSSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeStatusBarManagerIOSSpec
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/SelectionWatcher.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.SelectionWatcher
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidDropdownPickerManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidDropdownPickerManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/uimanager/FloatUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.FloatUtil
com/facebook/react/animated/EventAnimationDriver.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.EventAnimationDriver
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReadableNativeMap.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReadableNativeMap
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReadableNativeMap$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReadableNativeMap$ReadableNativeMapKeySetIterator
com/facebook/react/devsupport/interfaces/StackFrame.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.interfaces.StackFrame
com/facebook/yoga/YogaNative.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaNative
com/facebook/react/surface/ReactStage.java
 com.facebook.react.surface.ReactStage
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/LayoutAnimationType.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutAnimationType
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutAnimationType$1
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativePlatformConstantsIOSSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativePlatformConstantsIOSSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/CallbackImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CallbackImpl
com/facebook/react/modules/dialog/DialogModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.dialog.DialogModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.dialog.DialogModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.dialog.DialogModule$AlertFragmentListener
 com.facebook.react.modules.dialog.DialogModule$FragmentManagerHelper
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSIModulePackage.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSIModulePackage
com/facebook/react/common/futures/SimpleSettableFuture.java
 com.facebook.react.common.futures.SimpleSettableFuture
com/facebook/react/devsupport/interfaces/DevSupportManager.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.interfaces.DevSupportManager
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.interfaces.DevSupportManager$PackagerLocationCustomizer
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactBackgroundColorSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactBackgroundColorSpan
com/facebook/yoga/YogaBaselineFunction.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaBaselineFunction
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewManagerRegistry.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManagerRegistry
com/facebook/react/bridge/WritableNativeArray.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.WritableNativeArray
com/facebook/react/modules/storage/AsyncLocalStorageUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncLocalStorageUtil
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactBaseTextShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactBaseTextShadowNode
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactBaseTextShadowNode$SetSpanOperation
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputLocalData.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputLocalData
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeDeviceInfoSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeDeviceInfoSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/WindowFocusChangeListener.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.WindowFocusChangeListener
com/facebook/react/fabric/FabricComponents.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.FabricComponents
com/facebook/react/views/picker/ReactPickerItem.java
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactPickerItem
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTVirtualNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTVirtualNode
com/facebook/react/views/modal/ModalHostShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.ModalHostShadowNode
com/facebook/react/bridge/DynamicFromMap.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.DynamicFromMap
 com.facebook.react.bridge.DynamicFromMap$1
com/facebook/react/views/checkbox/ReactCheckBoxManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.checkbox.ReactCheckBoxManager
 com.facebook.react.views.checkbox.ReactCheckBoxManager$1
com/facebook/perftest/PerfTestConfig.java
 com.facebook.perftest.PerfTestConfig
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/VelocityHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.VelocityHelper
com/facebook/react/uimanager/YogaNodePool.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.YogaNodePool
com/facebook/yoga/YogaStyleInputs.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaStyleInputs
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/PositionAndSizeAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.PositionAndSizeAnimation
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/ActivityIndicatorViewManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.ActivityIndicatorViewManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/uimanager/IViewManagerWithChildren.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.IViewManagerWithChildren
com/facebook/react/fabric/GuardedFrameCallback.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.GuardedFrameCallback
com/facebook/react/bridge/Dynamic.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Dynamic
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/AbstractLayoutAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.AbstractLayoutAnimation
com/facebook/react/uimanager/StateWrapper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.StateWrapper
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/LayoutAnimationController.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutAnimationController
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutAnimationController$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutAnimationController$2
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutAnimationController$3
com/facebook/react/devsupport/MultipartStreamReader.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.MultipartStreamReader
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.MultipartStreamReader$ChunkListener
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/MountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.MountItem
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeLogBoxSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeLogBoxSpec
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DevSupportManagerBase.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$10
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$11
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$12
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$13
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$14
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$15
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$16
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$17
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$18
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$19
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$2
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$20
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$21
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$22
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$23
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$24
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$24$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$25
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$25$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$26
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$27
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$28
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$29
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$3
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$4
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$5
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$6
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$7
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$8
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$8$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$9
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$BundleLoadCallback
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$ErrorType
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$ExceptionLogger
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerBase$JSExceptionLogger
com/facebook/react/modules/network/TLSSocketFactory.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.TLSSocketFactory
com/facebook/react/modules/clipboard/ClipboardModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.clipboard.ClipboardModule
com/facebook/react/views/slider/ReactSlidingCompleteEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.slider.ReactSlidingCompleteEvent
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/NativeRunnable.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.NativeRunnable
com/facebook/react/modules/debug/SourceCodeModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.SourceCodeModule
com/facebook/react/views/text/TextAttributes.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.TextAttributes
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeUIManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeUIManagerSpec
com/facebook/react/views/drawer/ReactDrawerLayoutManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.drawer.ReactDrawerLayoutManager
 com.facebook.react.views.drawer.ReactDrawerLayoutManager$DrawerEventEmitter
com/facebook/react/views/switchview/ReactSwitchEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.switchview.ReactSwitchEvent
com/facebook/react/devsupport/WebsocketJavaScriptExecutor.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.WebsocketJavaScriptExecutor
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.WebsocketJavaScriptExecutor$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.WebsocketJavaScriptExecutor$2
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.WebsocketJavaScriptExecutor$2$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.WebsocketJavaScriptExecutor$3
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.WebsocketJavaScriptExecutor$JSExecutorCallbackFuture
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.WebsocketJavaScriptExecutor$JSExecutorConnectCallback
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.WebsocketJavaScriptExecutor$WebsocketExecutorTimeoutException
com/facebook/react/modules/debug/FpsDebugFrameCallback.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.FpsDebugFrameCallback
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.FpsDebugFrameCallback$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.FpsDebugFrameCallback$FpsInfo
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/MaskedViewManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.MaskedViewManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ReactHorizontalScrollContainerView.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactHorizontalScrollContainerView
com/facebook/react/jstasks/HeadlessJsTaskConfig.java
 com.facebook.react.jstasks.HeadlessJsTaskConfig
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactVirtualTextShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactVirtualTextShadowNode
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeAnimatedModuleSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeAnimatedModuleSpec
com/facebook/react/animated/PropsAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.PropsAnimatedNode
com/facebook/react/views/view/ReactViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewManager
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewManager$1
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidSwipeRefreshLayoutManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidSwipeRefreshLayoutManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/common/LongArray.java
 com.facebook.react.common.LongArray
com/facebook/react/bridge/WritableNativeMap.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.WritableNativeMap
com/facebook/react/modules/i18nmanager/I18nUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.i18nmanager.I18nUtil
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/UnimplementedNativeViewManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.UnimplementedNativeViewManagerInterface
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeStatusBarManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeStatusBarManagerSpec
com/facebook/react/packagerconnection/Responder.java
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.Responder
com/facebook/react/bridge/RetryableMountingLayerException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.RetryableMountingLayerException
com/facebook/react/bridge/NativeModule.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NativeModule
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NativeModule$NativeMethod
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactCompoundViewGroup.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactCompoundViewGroup
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ReactHorizontalScrollView.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactHorizontalScrollView
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactHorizontalScrollView$1
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewManager
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/ContentSizeChangeEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.ContentSizeChangeEvent
com/facebook/react/modules/datepicker/DatePickerDialogModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.datepicker.DatePickerDialogModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.datepicker.DatePickerDialogModule$DatePickerDialogListener
com/facebook/react/uimanager/common/UIManagerType.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.common.UIManagerType
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidProgressBarManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidProgressBarManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/views/swiperefresh/ReactSwipeRefreshLayout.java
 com.facebook.react.views.swiperefresh.ReactSwipeRefreshLayout
com/facebook/react/modules/network/ProgressListener.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ProgressListener
com/facebook/react/bridge/Arguments.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Arguments
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Arguments$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Arguments$2
com/facebook/react/bridge/DynamicFromArray.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.DynamicFromArray
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/OpacityAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.OpacityAnimation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.OpacityAnimation$OpacityAnimationListener
com/facebook/react/ReactInstanceManagerBuilder.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstanceManagerBuilder
com/facebook/react/uimanager/annotations/ReactPropertyHolder.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.annotations.ReactPropertyHolder
com/facebook/react/bridge/Inspector.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Inspector
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Inspector$LocalConnection
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Inspector$Page
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Inspector$RemoteConnection
com/facebook/react/animated/DiffClampAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.DiffClampAnimatedNode
com/facebook/react/ViewManagerOnDemandReactPackage.java
 com.facebook.react.ViewManagerOnDemandReactPackage
com/facebook/react/devsupport/interfaces/PackagerStatusCallback.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.interfaces.PackagerStatusCallback
com/facebook/react/bridge/NativeArgumentsParseException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NativeArgumentsParseException
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidDropdownPickerManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidDropdownPickerManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/modules/network/ForwardingCookieHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ForwardingCookieHandler
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ForwardingCookieHandler$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ForwardingCookieHandler$2
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ForwardingCookieHandler$3
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ForwardingCookieHandler$4
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ForwardingCookieHandler$CookieSaver
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ForwardingCookieHandler$CookieSaver$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ForwardingCookieHandler$CookieSaver$2
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/SwitchManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.SwitchManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidSwipeRefreshLayoutManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidSwipeRefreshLayoutManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DisabledDevSupportManager.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DisabledDevSupportManager
com/facebook/react/modules/core/DefaultHardwareBackBtnHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.DefaultHardwareBackBtnHandler
com/facebook/react/views/text/CustomStyleSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.CustomStyleSpan
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactContextBaseJavaModule.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactContextBaseJavaModule
com/facebook/react/modules/network/NetworkingModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule$1$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule$2
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule$3
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule$4
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule$CustomClientBuilder
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule$RequestBodyHandler
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule$ResponseHandler
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.NetworkingModule$UriHandler
com/facebook/react/views/image/ReactImageManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.image.ReactImageManager
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaScriptExecutor.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaScriptExecutor
com/facebook/react/modules/debug/AnimationsDebugModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.AnimationsDebugModule
com/facebook/react/ReactRootView.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactRootView
 com.facebook.react.ReactRootView$CustomGlobalLayoutListener
 com.facebook.react.ReactRootView$ReactRootViewEventListener
com/facebook/react/uimanager/SimpleViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.SimpleViewManager
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactTextView.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTextView
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTextView$1
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTTextShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTTextShadowNode
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/LayoutAnimationListener.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutAnimationListener
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidViewPagerManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidViewPagerManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/views/view/ReactClippingViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactClippingViewManager
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactTextInlineImageShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTextInlineImageShadowNode
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeStatusBarManagerAndroidSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeStatusBarManagerAndroidSpec
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeExceptionsManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeExceptionsManagerSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/Systrace.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Systrace
com/facebook/react/common/MapBuilder.java
 com.facebook.react.common.MapBuilder
 com.facebook.react.common.MapBuilder$1
 com.facebook.react.common.MapBuilder$Builder
com/facebook/react/views/view/ReactViewGroup.java
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewGroup
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewGroup$1
 com.facebook.react.views.view.ReactViewGroup$ChildrenLayoutChangeListener
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeModalManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeModalManagerSpec
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeDatePickerAndroidSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeDatePickerAndroidSpec
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/ModalHostViewManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.ModalHostViewManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/modules/core/PermissionAwareActivity.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.PermissionAwareActivity
com/facebook/react/fabric/FabricUIManager.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.FabricUIManager
 com.facebook.react.fabric.FabricUIManager$1
 com.facebook.react.fabric.FabricUIManager$2
 com.facebook.react.fabric.FabricUIManager$DispatchUIFrameCallback
com/facebook/react/uimanager/NativeViewHierarchyOptimizer.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.NativeViewHierarchyOptimizer
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.NativeViewHierarchyOptimizer$NodeIndexPair
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTSurfaceViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTSurfaceViewManager
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTSurfaceViewManager$1
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeJSCHeapCaptureSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeJSCHeapCaptureSpec
com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIImplementation.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIImplementation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIImplementation$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIImplementation$LayoutUpdateListener
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DevServerHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$1$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$1$2
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$1$3
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$1$4
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$2
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$3
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$4
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$5
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$6
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$7
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$8
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$BundleType
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$OnServerContentChangeListener
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$PackagerCommandListener
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$PackagerCustomCommandProvider
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevServerHelper$SymbolicationListener
com/facebook/react/BuildConfig.java
 com.facebook.react.BuildConfig
com/facebook/react/views/picker/ReactPicker.java
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactPicker
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactPicker$1
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactPicker$2
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactPicker$OnSelectListener
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/SwitchManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.SwitchManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/MessageQueueThreadPerfStats.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadPerfStats
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputKeyPressEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputKeyPressEvent
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputEndEditingEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputEndEditingEvent
com/facebook/react/HeadlessJsTaskService.java
 com.facebook.react.HeadlessJsTaskService
 com.facebook.react.HeadlessJsTaskService$1
 com.facebook.react.HeadlessJsTaskService$2
com/facebook/react/LazyReactPackage.java
 com.facebook.react.LazyReactPackage
 com.facebook.react.LazyReactPackage$1
 com.facebook.react.LazyReactPackage$2
 com.facebook.react.LazyReactPackage$2$1
com/facebook/react/packagerconnection/ReconnectingWebSocket.java
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.ReconnectingWebSocket
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.ReconnectingWebSocket$1
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.ReconnectingWebSocket$ConnectionCallback
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.ReconnectingWebSocket$MessageCallback
com/facebook/react/bridge/UnexpectedNativeTypeException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.UnexpectedNativeTypeException
com/facebook/react/devsupport/HMRClient.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.HMRClient
com/facebook/react/uimanager/IllegalViewOperationException.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.IllegalViewOperationException
com/facebook/react/bridge/DynamicFromObject.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.DynamicFromObject
com/facebook/react/uimanager/OnLayoutEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.OnLayoutEvent
com/facebook/react/common/HasJavascriptExceptionMetadata.java
 com.facebook.react.common.HasJavascriptExceptionMetadata
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/LayoutMetricsConversions.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.LayoutMetricsConversions
com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIManagerModuleConstants.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModuleConstants
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeTimePickerAndroidSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeTimePickerAndroidSpec
com/facebook/react/module/model/ReactModuleInfoProvider.java
 com.facebook.react.module.model.ReactModuleInfoProvider
com/facebook/react/devsupport/FpsView.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.FpsView
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.FpsView$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.FpsView$FPSMonitorRunnable
com/facebook/react/animated/MultiplicationAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.MultiplicationAnimatedNode
com/facebook/react/packagerconnection/RequestHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.RequestHandler
com/facebook/react/fabric/events/EventEmitterWrapper.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.events.EventEmitterWrapper
com/facebook/react/modules/fabric/ReactFabric.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.fabric.ReactFabric
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReadableMapKeySetIterator.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReadableMapKeySetIterator
com/facebook/react/bridge/CxxCallbackImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.CxxCallbackImpl
com/facebook/react/jstasks/HeadlessJsTaskContext.java
 com.facebook.react.jstasks.HeadlessJsTaskContext
 com.facebook.react.jstasks.HeadlessJsTaskContext$1
 com.facebook.react.jstasks.HeadlessJsTaskContext$2
 com.facebook.react.jstasks.HeadlessJsTaskContext$3
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactZIndexedViewGroup.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactZIndexedViewGroup
com/facebook/debug/tags/ReactDebugOverlayTags.java
 com.facebook.debug.tags.ReactDebugOverlayTags
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReadableMap.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReadableMap
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/DispatchIntCommandMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.DispatchIntCommandMountItem
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeDeviceEventManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeDeviceEventManagerSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/NoSuchKeyException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.NoSuchKeyException
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/OnScrollDispatchHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.OnScrollDispatchHelper
com/facebook/react/touch/OnInterceptTouchEventListener.java
 com.facebook.react.touch.OnInterceptTouchEventListener
com/facebook/react/uimanager/annotations/ReactPropGroup.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.annotations.ReactPropGroup
com/facebook/react/modules/common/ModuleDataCleaner.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.common.ModuleDataCleaner
 com.facebook.react.modules.common.ModuleDataCleaner$Cleanable
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactTextUpdate.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactTextUpdate
com/facebook/react/modules/core/RCTNativeAppEventEmitter.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.RCTNativeAppEventEmitter
com/facebook/react/views/text/frescosupport/FrescoBasedReactTextInlineImageViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.frescosupport.FrescoBasedReactTextInlineImageViewManager
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTSurfaceView.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTSurfaceView
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/MountingManager.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.MountingManager
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.MountingManager$1
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.MountingManager$ViewState
com/facebook/react/modules/network/ProgressiveStringDecoder.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ProgressiveStringDecoder
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ThemedReactContext.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ThemedReactContext
com/facebook/react/views/art/ARTGroupShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.ARTGroupShadowNode
com/facebook/react/common/network/OkHttpCallUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.common.network.OkHttpCallUtil
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputEvent
com/facebook/react/bridge/ModuleSpec.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ModuleSpec
com/facebook/yoga/YogaConfigJNIFinalizer.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaConfigJNIFinalizer
com/facebook/react/devsupport/LogBoxModule.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.LogBoxModule
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.LogBoxModule$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.LogBoxModule$2
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.LogBoxModule$3
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.LogBoxModule$4
com/facebook/react/common/ArrayUtils.java
 com.facebook.react.common.ArrayUtils
com/facebook/react/uimanager/DisplayMetricsHolder.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.DisplayMetricsHolder
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaScriptModule.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaScriptModule
com/facebook/react/uimanager/LayoutShadowNode.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.LayoutShadowNode
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.LayoutShadowNode$1
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.LayoutShadowNode$MutableYogaValue
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ScrollEventType.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ScrollEventType
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ScrollEventType$1
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidViewPagerManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidViewPagerManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/ReactActivity.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactActivity
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/PreAllocateViewMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.PreAllocateViewMountItem
com/facebook/react/views/drawer/ReactDrawerLayout.java
 com.facebook.react.views.drawer.ReactDrawerLayout
com/facebook/yoga/YogaPositionType.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaPositionType
com/facebook/react/common/LifecycleState.java
 com.facebook.react.common.LifecycleState
com/facebook/react/devsupport/WindowOverlayCompat.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.WindowOverlayCompat
com/facebook/react/uimanager/MatrixMathHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.MatrixMathHelper
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.MatrixMathHelper$MatrixDecompositionContext
com/facebook/react/views/art/PropHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.art.PropHelper
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputSubmitEditingEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputSubmitEditingEvent
com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIManagerModuleListener.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerModuleListener
com/facebook/react/ReactFragmentActivity.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactFragmentActivity
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeKeyboardObserverSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeKeyboardObserverSpec
com/facebook/react/devsupport/ViewHierarchyUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.ViewHierarchyUtil
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/ReactEventEmitter.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.ReactEventEmitter
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/SliderManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.SliderManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/UpdateLayoutMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.UpdateLayoutMountItem
com/facebook/react/views/checkbox/ReactCheckBox.java
 com.facebook.react.views.checkbox.ReactCheckBox
com/facebook/react/modules/websocket/WebSocketModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.websocket.WebSocketModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.websocket.WebSocketModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.websocket.WebSocketModule$ContentHandler
com/facebook/react/views/unimplementedview/ReactUnimplementedViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.unimplementedview.ReactUnimplementedViewManager
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/TouchEventCoalescingKeyHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.TouchEventCoalescingKeyHelper
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeAsyncStorageSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeAsyncStorageSpec
com/facebook/react/uimanager/MeasureSpecAssertions.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.MeasureSpecAssertions
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactContext.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactContext
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactContext$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactContext$2
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactContext$ExceptionHandlerWrapper
com/facebook/react/devsupport/RedBoxHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxHandler
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxHandler$ErrorType
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxHandler$ReportCompletedListener
com/facebook/react/bridge/JavaOnlyMap.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaOnlyMap
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaOnlyMap$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JavaOnlyMap$2
com/facebook/react/modules/network/ProgressRequestBody.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ProgressRequestBody
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.ProgressRequestBody$1
com/facebook/react/modules/network/OkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.OkHttpClientFactory
com/facebook/yoga/YogaNode.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaNode
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/MessageQueueThread.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThread
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ViewAtIndex.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewAtIndex
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ViewAtIndex$1
com/facebook/react/views/progressbar/ProgressBarContainerView.java
 com.facebook.react.views.progressbar.ProgressBarContainerView
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativePlatformConstantsAndroidSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativePlatformConstantsAndroidSpec
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/TouchEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.TouchEvent
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.TouchEvent$1
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DevSettingsActivity.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSettingsActivity
com/facebook/react/modules/fresco/ReactOkHttpNetworkFetcher.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.fresco.ReactOkHttpNetworkFetcher
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactNoCrashSoftException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactNoCrashSoftException
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeClipboardSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeClipboardSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/SoftAssertions.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.SoftAssertions
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeSegmentFetcherSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeSegmentFetcherSpec
com/facebook/react/views/picker/ReactPickerManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactPickerManager
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactPickerManager$PickerEventEmitter
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeRedBoxSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeRedBoxSpec
com/facebook/react/fabric/events/EventBeatManager.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.events.EventBeatManager
com/facebook/react/modules/storage/AsyncStorageModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageModule$2
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageModule$3
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageModule$4
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageModule$5
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageModule$6
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageModule$SerialExecutor
 com.facebook.react.modules.storage.AsyncStorageModule$SerialExecutor$1
com/facebook/react/NativeModuleRegistryBuilder.java
 com.facebook.react.NativeModuleRegistryBuilder
com/facebook/react/modules/toast/ToastModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.toast.ToastModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.toast.ToastModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.toast.ToastModule$2
 com.facebook.react.modules.toast.ToastModule$3
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeShareModuleSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeShareModuleSpec
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/SafeAreaViewManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.SafeAreaViewManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/devsupport/BundleDownloader.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.BundleDownloader
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.BundleDownloader$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.BundleDownloader$2
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.BundleDownloader$BundleInfo
com/facebook/react/bridge/GuardedResultAsyncTask.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.GuardedResultAsyncTask
com/facebook/react/bridge/JsonWriterHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JsonWriterHelper
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JsonWriterHelper$1
com/facebook/react/devsupport/interfaces/DevOptionHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.interfaces.DevOptionHandler
com/facebook/react/modules/intent/IntentModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.intent.IntentModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.intent.IntentModule$1
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DoubleTapReloadRecognizer.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DoubleTapReloadRecognizer
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DoubleTapReloadRecognizer$1
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativePermissionsAndroidSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativePermissionsAndroidSpec
com/facebook/hermes/reactexecutor/RuntimeConfig.java
 com.facebook.hermes.reactexecutor.RuntimeConfig
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/UpdatePropsMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.UpdatePropsMountItem
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeImageLoaderIOSSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeImageLoaderIOSSpec
com/facebook/react/views/slider/ReactSliderManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.slider.ReactSliderManager
 com.facebook.react.views.slider.ReactSliderManager$1
 com.facebook.react.views.slider.ReactSliderManager$ReactSliderAccessibilityDelegate
 com.facebook.react.views.slider.ReactSliderManager$ReactSliderShadowNode
com/facebook/react/common/build/ReactBuildConfig.java
 com.facebook.react.common.build.ReactBuildConfig
com/facebook/yoga/YogaDimension.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaDimension
com/facebook/react/touch/JSResponderHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.touch.JSResponderHandler
com/facebook/react/modules/network/RequestBodyUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.RequestBodyUtil
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.RequestBodyUtil$1
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeAppStateSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeAppStateSpec
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DevInternalSettings.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevInternalSettings
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevInternalSettings$Listener
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/LayoutHandlingAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutHandlingAnimation
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactInvalidPropertyException.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactInvalidPropertyException
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/BaseLayoutAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.BaseLayoutAnimation
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.BaseLayoutAnimation$1
com/facebook/react/common/DebugServerException.java
 com.facebook.react.common.DebugServerException
com/facebook/react/animated/TrackingAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.TrackingAnimatedNode
com/facebook/react/MemoryPressureRouter.java
 com.facebook.react.MemoryPressureRouter
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactAbsoluteSizeSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactAbsoluteSizeSpan
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSBundleLoader.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSBundleLoader
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSBundleLoader$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSBundleLoader$2
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSBundleLoader$3
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSBundleLoader$4
com/facebook/react/views/picker/ReactDialogPickerManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.picker.ReactDialogPickerManager
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/LayoutDeleteAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutDeleteAnimation
com/facebook/react/shell/MainReactPackage.java
 com.facebook.react.shell.MainReactPackage
 com.facebook.react.shell.MainReactPackage$1
com/facebook/react/common/ReactConstants.java
 com.facebook.react.common.ReactConstants
com/facebook/react/common/JavascriptException.java
 com.facebook.react.common.JavascriptException
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeAlertManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeAlertManagerSpec
com/facebook/debug/holder/PrinterHolder.java
 com.facebook.debug.holder.PrinterHolder
com/facebook/yoga/YogaLogger.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaLogger
com/facebook/react/uimanager/TouchTargetHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.TouchTargetHelper
com/facebook/yoga/YogaConfigFactory.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaConfigFactory
com/facebook/yoga/YogaNodeType.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaNodeType
com/facebook/react/modules/debug/DevSettingsModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.DevSettingsModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.DevSettingsModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.DevSettingsModule$2
com/facebook/hermes/instrumentation/HermesSamplingProfiler.java
 com.facebook.hermes.instrumentation.HermesSamplingProfiler
com/facebook/react/uimanager/BaseViewManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.BaseViewManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/bridge/MemoryPressure.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.MemoryPressure
com/facebook/react/modules/core/PermissionListener.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.PermissionListener
com/facebook/hermes/reactexecutor/HermesExecutor.java
 com.facebook.hermes.reactexecutor.HermesExecutor
com/facebook/react/bridge/ActivityEventListener.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ActivityEventListener
com/facebook/react/views/text/ReactSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactSpan
com/facebook/yoga/YogaDisplay.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaDisplay
com/facebook/react/uimanager/events/RCTEventEmitter.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.events.RCTEventEmitter
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSIModuleHolder.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSIModuleHolder
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/MaskedViewManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.MaskedViewManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/common/annotations/VisibleForTesting.java
 com.facebook.react.common.annotations.VisibleForTesting
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/InterpolatorType.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.InterpolatorType
com/facebook/react/views/modal/RequestCloseEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.modal.RequestCloseEvent
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/ActivityIndicatorViewManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.ActivityIndicatorViewManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/modules/core/TimingModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.TimingModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.TimingModule$BridgeTimerManager
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeBugReportingSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeBugReportingSpec
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidProgressBarManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidProgressBarManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactCallback.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactCallback
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/SegmentedControlManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.SegmentedControlManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/InputAccessoryViewManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.InputAccessoryViewManagerInterface
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeDevMenuSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeDevMenuSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/ReactSoftException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactSoftException
 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactSoftException$ReactSoftExceptionListener
com/facebook/react/views/drawer/events/DrawerClosedEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.drawer.events.DrawerClosedEvent
com/facebook/react/views/text/TextTransform.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.TextTransform
 com.facebook.react.views.text.TextTransform$1
com/facebook/react/bridge/Callback.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.Callback
com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIManagerHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerHelper
com/facebook/react/animated/TransformAnimatedNode.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.TransformAnimatedNode
 com.facebook.react.animated.TransformAnimatedNode$1
 com.facebook.react.animated.TransformAnimatedNode$AnimatedTransformConfig
 com.facebook.react.animated.TransformAnimatedNode$StaticTransformConfig
 com.facebook.react.animated.TransformAnimatedNode$TransformConfig
com/facebook/yoga/YogaConfig.java
 com.facebook.yoga.YogaConfig
com/facebook/systrace/TraceListener.java
 com.facebook.systrace.TraceListener
com/facebook/react/modules/blob/FileReaderModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.blob.FileReaderModule
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ReactScrollViewHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactScrollViewHelper
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactYogaConfigProvider.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactYogaConfigProvider
com/facebook/react/uimanager/NativeKind.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.NativeKind
com/facebook/react/modules/debug/interfaces/DeveloperSettings.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.debug.interfaces.DeveloperSettings
com/facebook/react/views/text/CustomLineHeightSpan.java
 com.facebook.react.views.text.CustomLineHeightSpan
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/SafeAreaViewManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.SafeAreaViewManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/ReactInstancePackage.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactInstancePackage
com/facebook/react/CoreModulesPackage.java
 com.facebook.react.CoreModulesPackage
 com.facebook.react.CoreModulesPackage$1
 com.facebook.react.CoreModulesPackage$2
com/facebook/react/views/imagehelper/ImageSource.java
 com.facebook.react.views.imagehelper.ImageSource
com/facebook/react/modules/network/CountingOutputStream.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.network.CountingOutputStream
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactStylesDiffMap.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactStylesDiffMap
com/facebook/react/devsupport/RedBoxDialog.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxDialog
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxDialog$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxDialog$2
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxDialog$3
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxDialog$4
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxDialog$OpenStackFrameTask
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxDialog$StackAdapter
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.RedBoxDialog$StackAdapter$FrameViewHolder
com/facebook/react/uimanager/layoutanimation/LayoutUpdateAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.LayoutUpdateAnimation
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DevLoadingViewController.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevLoadingViewController
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevLoadingViewController$1
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevLoadingViewController$2
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevLoadingViewController$3
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactTextInputFocusEvent.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactTextInputFocusEvent
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeAccessibilityManagerSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeAccessibilityManagerSpec
com/facebook/react/modules/statusbar/StatusBarModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.statusbar.StatusBarModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.statusbar.StatusBarModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.statusbar.StatusBarModule$1$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.statusbar.StatusBarModule$2
 com.facebook.react.modules.statusbar.StatusBarModule$2$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.statusbar.StatusBarModule$3
 com.facebook.react.modules.statusbar.StatusBarModule$4
com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIImplementationProvider.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIImplementationProvider
com/facebook/react/modules/timepicker/TimePickerDialogFragment.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.timepicker.TimePickerDialogFragment
com/facebook/react/uimanager/RootViewUtil.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.RootViewUtil
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/ReactQueueConfiguration.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.ReactQueueConfiguration
com/facebook/react/config/ReactFeatureFlags.java
 com.facebook.react.config.ReactFeatureFlags
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/ProgressViewManagerInterface.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.ProgressViewManagerInterface
com/facebook/react/uimanager/TransformHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.TransformHelper
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.TransformHelper$1
com/facebook/react/modules/systeminfo/AndroidInfoHelpers.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.systeminfo.AndroidInfoHelpers
com/facebook/react/uimanager/BaseViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.BaseViewManager
com/facebook/react/bridge/queue/MessageQueueThreadImpl.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadImpl
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadImpl$1
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadImpl$2
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadImpl$3
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadImpl$4
 com.facebook.react.bridge.queue.MessageQueueThreadImpl$5
com/facebook/react/views/progressbar/ReactProgressBarViewManager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.progressbar.ReactProgressBarViewManager
com/facebook/react/modules/camera/ImageStoreManager.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.ImageStoreManager
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.ImageStoreManager$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.camera.ImageStoreManager$GetBase64Task
com/facebook/react/views/scroll/ReactScrollView.java
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactScrollView
 com.facebook.react.views.scroll.ReactScrollView$1
com/facebook/react/views/textinput/ReactEditText.java
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactEditText
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactEditText$1
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactEditText$InternalKeyListener
 com.facebook.react.views.textinput.ReactEditText$TextWatcherDelegator
com/facebook/react/views/imagehelper/MultiSourceHelper.java
 com.facebook.react.views.imagehelper.MultiSourceHelper
 com.facebook.react.views.imagehelper.MultiSourceHelper$1
 com.facebook.react.views.imagehelper.MultiSourceHelper$MultiSourceResult
com/facebook/react/uimanager/Spacing.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.Spacing
com/facebook/react/modules/core/DeviceEventManagerModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.DeviceEventManagerModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.DeviceEventManagerModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.core.DeviceEventManagerModule$RCTDeviceEventEmitter
com/facebook/react/viewmanagers/AndroidDialogPickerManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.viewmanagers.AndroidDialogPickerManagerDelegate
com/facebook/react/turbomodule/core/ReactPackageTurboModuleManagerDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.ReactPackageTurboModuleManagerDelegate
 com.facebook.react.turbomodule.core.ReactPackageTurboModuleManagerDelegate$Builder
com/facebook/react/devsupport/DevSupportManagerFactory.java
 com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSupportManagerFactory
com/facebook/react/animated/SpringAnimation.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.SpringAnimation
 com.facebook.react.animated.SpringAnimation$1
 com.facebook.react.animated.SpringAnimation$PhysicsState
com/facebook/react/uimanager/ReactClippingViewGroup.java
 com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactClippingViewGroup
com/facebook/react/packagerconnection/FileIoHandler.java
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.FileIoHandler
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.FileIoHandler$1
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.FileIoHandler$2
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.FileIoHandler$3
 com.facebook.react.packagerconnection.FileIoHandler$TtlFileInputStream
com/facebook/react/fabric/mounting/mountitems/RemoveMountItem.java
 com.facebook.react.fabric.mounting.mountitems.RemoveMountItem
com/facebook/react/modules/dialog/AlertFragment.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.dialog.AlertFragment
com/facebook/react/views/viewpager/ReactViewPager.java
 com.facebook.react.views.viewpager.ReactViewPager
 com.facebook.react.views.viewpager.ReactViewPager$1
 com.facebook.react.views.viewpager.ReactViewPager$Adapter
 com.facebook.react.views.viewpager.ReactViewPager$PageChangeListener
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeVibrationSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeVibrationSpec
com/facebook/react/bridge/JSApplicationCausedNativeException.java
 com.facebook.react.bridge.JSApplicationCausedNativeException
com/facebook/react/modules/image/ImageLoaderModule.java
 com.facebook.react.modules.image.ImageLoaderModule
 com.facebook.react.modules.image.ImageLoaderModule$1
 com.facebook.react.modules.image.ImageLoaderModule$2
 com.facebook.react.modules.image.ImageLoaderModule$3
 com.facebook.react.modules.image.ImageLoaderModule$4
com/facebook/fbreact/specs/NativeAccessibilityInfoSpec.java
 com.facebook.fbreact.specs.NativeAccessibilityInfoSpec
com/facebook/react/ReactDelegate.java
 com.facebook.react.ReactDelegate
com/facebook/react/animated/NativeAnimatedModule.java
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$1
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$10
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$11
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$12
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$13
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$14
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$15
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$16
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$17
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$18
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$19
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$2
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$20
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$21
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$3
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$4
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$5
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$6
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$7
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$8
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$9
 com.facebook.react.animated.NativeAnimatedModule$UIThreadOperation
